he got lost
olé Manuel Muñoz Well family I
'll tell you later but I'm having a bit of a
shitty day because the truth is
everything has gone a bit wrong for me let's move on to something else come on
I'd like to tell you things Yesterday
when I saw this live from Diego I said
Look I don't believe that Diego
got another exclusive from us Because the other day
Diego did a live for an
exclusive and I say this with all my love
eh It's not an attack on Diego or anything like that
eh with what Marta risked they
had offered him for survivor that
I already said and I refer to the evidence
define come on come on Diego come on you
told me but I don't remember what
video it was because I upload so many videos you
told me and I think in
November twenty something not a live with Pepa and with
Paco de Narváez but the title is going to
be more complicated When I talk about
things I like to talk about them with evidence
you know look here I have it look but if it
even says it in the thumbnail Look 50,000
euros a week it even says it in the
thumbnail Look it's here I'm going to drop
a bomb  they confirmed it to me this
afternoon minutes before starting the
live show
María Puentes, reliable people close to
Mediaset have offered
Survivors an amount that
could be around 50,000 euros
a week. Pepa
has done something very ugly to Miss Marta Irrigation I don't know if she did it
on purpose I want to think about
it, she did it unintentionally I don't know what
you all think but Diego Arrabales
did something very ugly the other day which
was to say that he had an exclusive on
Marta Arrieso in Survivor and he had already
told her a month ago you know I
always like to mention the Source even if it
's people I don't get along with or
whatever I always like to give the
source but anyway this is how it works
there are some of us who work one
way and others who work another okay
but yesterday I watched this live show I
realized this morning
exclusive the reason for the breakup between
Rocío Flores and Olga Moreno I thought that she had done it to
me again why
Because I did tell you and also
confirmed the reasons at the moment
in which Rocío Flores and Olga fight
that moment that  it's absolutely confirmed,
meaning that he didn't understand it,
but it's absolutely confirmed why because
Olga, to me after that exclusive video,
the argument between Rocío Flores and Olga Moreno,
here I'm going to tell you about the argument, we
heard it. Okay, I have to tell you
something, I have to tell you something
completely exclusive and I want you to
get comfortable because surely what I'm
going to tell you now is going to be a
lot to talk about all week,
okay, this has been the result of what I'm going to
tell you now is the result of piecing together
information that has been reaching me
from one place or another, various
people, okay, meaning from various people,
various sources, even some, I think,
unintentionally, unintentionally, without bad
intentions, of course, not like someone who
talks to their neighbor and the baker.
Well, she's told me things and
suddenly managed to make
everything fit, I mean, but everything fits
perfectly, okay, this is
completely exclusive information that they're not going to
give you on television, that no paparazzi is going to give us
because everyone
has kept their mouths shut and I'm going to give it to you
in great detail, talents and  this
fits I'm telling you that you already know that I really
like innovators and that I'm not
beating around the bush And that when I
say something it's because things are like that
okay or literally they are like that I have
before you the reason for the fight
between Rocío Flores and Olga Moreno but it's
also danced with the fight that
Marta Riesgo had and why she was so
heated that week on Twitter and
why she was posting things that on some
occasions we said Well but why
why is she posting things to Olga no pay attention
because this the sailor okay It turns out
that there's a wedding and I've been
putting this together okay there's a wedding of a friend
of Olga okay she's known by a
lot of people I think she
was also invited to that wedding I
think Kiko Matamoros is also
invited to the wedding but it wasn't there's a
wedding a certain Susana okay that
precisely Yesterday afternoon I had a
photo with Olga Moreno And it seems that
this girl well friends of Agustín okay
This person is very good friends with Agustín
etien Olga Moreno is invited to that
wedding and he's also invited  Antonio
David what's happening is Olga Moreno does
n't have a partner at the moment and
Antonio David is already with Marta risk
that it seems that Olga Moreno wouldn't like it very much
according to what I've been able to square
this no This is not 100% but let's go
this is like white and in a bottle milk
this let's see I can't prove it but it's
like white in a bottle milk like two
plus two is four okay apparently
Olga didn't feel like
meeting Marta at that wedding okay to
this wedding Rocío Flores David Flores
Antonio David with Marta would have gone and
Olga Well she would have gone and Agustín would have
gone but on the other hand this here after
this video Olga called me to
deny two things Olga Moreno
tells me according to her that she doesn't see everything
nobody at that wedding okay because here what they
told me what I got was that Olga
would have asked that Marta not go to the
wedding Olga denies it I have not
vetoed anyone at any wedding she told me and
then there is another thing later on that
she says it was like certain
twitterers  they had information about
Olga's environment and that's why Marta was like that okay
And Olga tells me what
other people say about me on Twitter, she doesn't
have a [ __ ] clue about my life so
what other people say on Twitter has
nothing to do with me but
nevertheless Olga doesn't deny this and here
comes the meat here comes the meat whether she
was part of the whole Marta fight
Antonio David are not going to the wedding
Olga's sister manages to get
Marta to poke her not in a way that she gets annoyed Marta
on social media no Marta enters the controversy and
at the time of the wedding that nobody
knows Nobody knows Olga's relationship
with Agustín but many rumored it I want I want
you to remember people like
Evelyn who called her on the phone from
Sálvame and she said man Based on what I've
seen I think so Marta López from
Big Brother Man, from the things I
know and from the things I've seen yes no
Rocío Flores this is true, I
can't prove this But this is more or less what
I have squared with okay this is like this okay It's
that this is so in my case because this is like
this okay Rocío Flores would ask
Olga and Agustín if they were together at some
point in their relationship I don't know if before
the wedding at the wedding or whatever but at
the wedding you can see that when you're having a
good time and you're comfortable with friends
then the feelings kind of can't be
hidden no I mean you can see that the
feelings are seen here we can
interpret it in many ways okay let's
see I don't think they were making out
there in front of everyone of
course Well I hope not yes there are a
lot of people who were at that wedding who
have come out behind confirming that based on
the attitude the two of them had there it
was more obvious that they were a couple
but I don't think there was going to be flirting I
think it would be flirting honestly I
think they would be
visibly flirting or that they would choose to hold hands
the flirting okay Rocío Flores would approach the
two of them and say these seen by
someone at the wedding an argument there okay of
course what fits me about this
argument is more than obvious Rocío
Flores goes to them both and says but
well what is this  what are you
doing here at the wedding they broke up But
this What the hell is it no, I mean this What the
hell is what you're doing here
literally that's what happened for sure
because there were people who told me and it's
not one person it's that at
least four people who
were at the wedding told me okay they
wrote to me privately and they told me Javi They
went to a corner Rocío took it out I don't
know a move each one tells me a
little with different nuances but the
story is that okay Rocío Flores There she
realizes that they are hiding the
relationship from her and it makes her feel terrible you know And
also everyone is there
realizing it's not like Sorry no or I mean this
of course they have had conversations
after and it hasn't been clear The Move
okay I mean they haven't finished
fixing it this is a fact okay I mean this is
a fact as is Olga doesn't deny it to me
when she writes to me the
next day two other things don't
give it to me well You Olga but apart from that I don't care that she
denied it apart from
that it's very shameless and very
public knowledge that the two of them entered they started
that wedding day super close and they
fought they even deleted the photo they
took together they started the day super close
taking photos of each other with the suit I don't
know what they took a photo together on the
bus and then they deleted it as
the day went on they got into an argument there but
apart from that they told me you go in
person that there were problems that there were
problems that they fought there at the wedding
there at the wedding they argued there at the
wedding something happened Rocío saw something and Rocío
But you what the [ __ ] eh what are they doing
here and that's how it was guys and she
told you on
Primicia there's the cable damn your trusted gossip channel and more handsome than now the others come to tell it in a different way Well let's see how Diego tells it come on because they they put it on social networks and they made us all part of their good relationship on those trips and in
those meetings
in some of them they
coincided with Agustín Rocío Flores is
a girl and I think that you have
no doubt a girl who is very very very
smart who is very long  let's say what they
say in my town, long no, so how
difficult to deceive her that
I would say that Rocío has taken after her
real father if I know both
Rocío Carrasco and Antonio David and I
consider that Antonio David is a smart guy
if not you
can call him anything but
come on stupid you can't call David
Antonio David because no because he is not, I got
carried away quite the opposite he is a
quite smart person and quite smart that
she catches everything on the fly
and Rocío Flores during that summer
noticed some movements
Can someone look for me what date the wedding was there are
articles in my kids' room Look [ __ ]
Tessa we have an incredible feeling Tersa Let's
see, I don't believe you the wedding photo is
still published the rest were stories Of
course but because something happened here I have
an explanation for this Tesa sends me
this photo that is still published on
Olga's Instagram okay I have an
explanation for this but I could be
wrong September my theory because there
was a photo that was full body
that was a story about Rocío Flores and she
deleted that story I don't know
why but Rocío deleted it because you could
see the before and after  She deleted
that story that was in the middle okay And
here my theory is that Olga doesn't delete her
post with Rocío but Rocío Yes
why point number one Olga because she doesn't
want to mess around and she's a more mature woman she doesn't
do that nonsense of Deleting a
photo and I don't know what and Rocío because she was the one who
posted That's my theory that's why
Rocío does delete posts and Olga I
'm not wrong I insist that
absolutely nothing about Olga and
Agustín fits her she asks herself I don't
want to I don't want to be wrong they
tell me several times let's leave it like this
several times Rocío Flores asks
Olga if she
has something with Agustín Olga
denies it to her I personally and I already put that
from my own invention this is no longer this is no longer
information this is from my own invention I
think that Olga also did not confirm to
Rocío At that moment because she
herself did not know the thing is that you
can get involved with someone and something very
different It's that you have a relationship let's
go That's how I see it I don't know if I
'm wrong but
I think that's normal No if
when you don't  are you still sure about a
relationship little by little you're going to tell
everyone and less and
less to your ex's daughter okay Okay up to
here more or less well she denies it
on several occasions and Rocío believes it
because she denies it to Olga this could
be I haven't been able to say otherwise this
could totally really to the daughter of
her ex when it's not anything formal yet
Well a test Hey you can have a
night or an afternoon or a trip that can be
maybe the white one with a coke yes
each one as they want I'm going to get into trouble man I'm going to get into
trouble because it's a lot of cloth everything
but well but above all the dates are important
in this case Yes the dates are very
important the day It's that
here Diego throws [ __ ] at Olga
man but it's that what Diego does here
in this live yesterday Is that he throws
[ __ ] at Olga with something that is a
lie sincerely that it is a lie
true Listen to what he says September 24 25
September 24 25
Diego says that he places the argument and the fight
the breakup of Olga and Rocío Flores when we
have already seen  us that it is
September 9th Approximately maybe it
was the 23rd but at the latest on
September 25th it is still being denied until that
date what is happening on that 24th 25th of
September that Olga Moreno had already
done a report Listen to what she is
saying to Olga what she is
saying is that Rocío during the whole
summer was asking Olga Hey do
you have something with Agustín It's that I
notice something here I don't know what and that Olga
Always denied it but that when
Olga had already sold the report that she
still continued to deny it to Rocío
Flores for the magazine Semana she had already
done a report nobody knew but
Olga kept telling Rocío that she no longer
had anything with Agustín that even having
sold the magazine she continued saying that
Rocío Flores had no longer had anything with
Agustín I can imagine I can
imagine and there yes or I can say it almost
100% that Antonio David as far as I
know he didn't know anything either as far as
I know what Rocío Flores asked
Olga but I don't know it's not and so much
insistence  It's true that it also draws my
attention a little because Olga
can do whatever she wants and even more so
at that time when she was no longer
sharing her life with, I don't
know this version, I don't know where
Diego could get it because it's that also you know
What happens are things that in the end it's
always going to be the word now let's
check the dates okay these are
things that it's always going to be the word of
one against the other I mean you're never going to be
able to verify this if Olga were to talk about it
at some point which I highly doubt
Olga would tell you in one way Rocío
in another Antonio David in another and Agustín
in another There's no proof other than
each one's word but the thing is
these dates don't add up for me Look
Diego is telling you that he had already
sold the interview Olga and that he
was still hiding it from Rocío Flores and
when he had already sold the exclusive and
that doesn't add up for me Look let's
check the dates September no
So we don't have time we talked about
over here look here we have the date in which
Olga already confirmed through a
magazine her relationship with Agustín
September 28th this is where Diego places
the breakup  of Olga and Rocío Flores
however let's watch the videos from
before this time to see what we see
Look Olga Moreno is confirmed in love and
with a boyfriend now that her nose was
crooked but tanned here we are
talking about September 18th just as
the story has been told Well it turns out
that a Telecinco collaborator
met her the other day at this
wedding that they were also at that
Rocío Flores was there no and It seems that
Olga was having a good time that night He
told her he told her More or less being
in an atmosphere of trust no and
please don't make it public look I have an
illusion I don't know what And this collaborator
with that Chivas okay here
the golden relationship with Agustín is already confirmed
we are talking about an 18th let's see if we
see something of Rocío and Olga maybe
I have smoked a joint eh but I would swear
that we had already been talking about that
breakup before we said four months there more
or less the same week
Olga How did she find out about the relationship here a
distancing with Rocío
I don't know
if it caused that  posterior tesa these
posteriors I would swear that maybe I'm
telling you maybe I'm wrong but I would
swear that it had already been confirmed before
man but I'm telling you maybe I'm
wrong and I would swear that before the
exclusive there was already talk of the
estrangement between Olga and Rocío
Flores Why Well because it was at the
wedding Javi listen tesa listen How did
Rocío find out let's see how it was talked about
that Rocío Santera through the press I
mean Rocío found out two
weeks before I did the
magazine at the wedding at the wedding Thank you
Olga damn Teresa how good Eh okay they
found out before my daughter before
my mother at the wedding arrived talking
but there they fought I thought it was convenient
that she had to find out and that's the
only thing Agustín asked me that
Rocío find out So there are many things said that
if it was found out through the press No,
well she hasn't said it yet, I think I do
n't I I say the totals that I've seen I do
n't think she I don't think she no no
because it's not like that Or so this
exclusive by Diego de  true with all the
love eh it's not to throw [ __ ] at
Diego but it's that it's not or rather there
Olga is already telling us two weeks
before releasing the magazine at the wedding it's
at Diego's wedding arrabal October 2nd
this would be later no I don't know eh I don't
know but it's what I always tell you eh We
have to take a little bit of each from each
place to see what it tells me having
September 30th this is published the cover Yeah
okay he places it a little bit earlier he
places it a little bit earlier But oh well I don't
agree I'm worth it with that information
in some way in some way Okay
how cool guy fired from this Javi
the next one you see will be another okay
kisses family give it to you give it to you